Update changelog/package.json for 4.5.1 release (#115)
blackbaud/skyux-sdk-cli: CHANGELOG.md

# 4.5.1 (2021-04-13)

> - Fixed the `skyux eject` command to properly setup child routes, and to add route guards to the module providers. [#113](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-sdk-cli/pull/113) [#114](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-sdk-cli/pull/114)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the `skyux eject` command to properly set up child routes and to add route guards to the module providers. [#113](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-sdk-cli/pull/113) [#114](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-sdk-cli/pull/114)
```
